## Presage2: Eclipse quickstart

This project is intended to be a Presage2 project which can be imported into Eclipse to provide a base for development with Presage2. In contains the following:

 * `pom.xml` file with all Presage2 dependencies defined and plugins configured for any use cases you may need. This file is interpretted by [maven] to download Presage2 dependencies and to compile and run your project.
 * `src/main/resources/db.properties`. This file is where you can define a database to store data generated by your Presage2 application. (See the [Presage2 storage docs])
 * `src/main/resources/executors.json`. File to define executors to use when batch running simulations.
 * `src/main/resources/log4j.properties`. [Log4j] configuration.

### Usage

 * Download zip of this project from [github].
 * Import into eclipse: 
   1. File -> Import...
   2. At the prompt select 'Existing Projects into workspace' under the 'General' folder.
   3. At the next menu choose 'Select archive file' then browse to the project zip. Click Finish to complete the import.
 * Rename project to match your project name. 
   1. Right click on the project in the Package Explorer.
   2. Refactor -> Rename...
   3. Type a new name and click OK.
 * Update the maven artifactId to match your project name
   1. Open the `pom.xml` file in the root of the project.
   2. Change the Artifact Id field to match your project name then save the file.
 
  [maven]: http://maven.apache.org/
  [Presage2 storage docs]: https://github.com/Presage/Presage2/wiki/Storage
  [Log4j]: http://logging.apache.org/log4j/1.2/
  [github]: https://github.com/Presage/eclipse-quickstart/zipball/master
